h1. TODO

h2. Next

* issue: "skip_before_filter :verify_authenticity_token, :id => :facebook_connect_request?" to solve issues with protect_from_forgery with FB Connect.
* bug: WARNING: Can't mass-assign these protected attributes: profile. Don't know why attr_accessible don't work...
* feature: Callback for "after account confirmation" - or "after Facebook connect account creation" - where the user gets redirected to a page to fill in additional info (optional).
* bug: When opening confirmation page without a token: "NoMethodError (You have a nil object when you didn't expect it! You might have expected an instance of ActiveRecord::Base.". AuthHelpers gem issue.

h2. High Priority

* gemify: Finalize gem "local_e", and add to "Useful extensions"
* new gem: Client side form validations that generates same DOM structure as Formtastic - no such working solution available. Should probably use: "validation_reflection" + "jquery.validate".

h2. Low Priority

* should not try to send a confirmation email if account is facebook connected.
* testing: Cucumber features for Facebook Connect.
* fork/patch: Fork and apply modifications to Slicehost cap recipes
* refacor: Replace sprockets with http://github.com/cjohansen/juicer (http://www.cjohansen.no/en/ruby/juicer_a_css_and_javascript_packaging_tool), i.e. "juicer-rails"
* gemify: Finalize gem "i18n_extensions" (aka "i18n_cache"), and add to "Useful extensions"
* feature: make Boostrapper terminal output more readable, i.e. recursive tree
* feature: Should save Facebook email-hash(es), for identifying already signed up users/emails - serialized into one column?
* testing: Write unit tests for helpers.

h2. Maybe

* feature: Implement this cool load testing by default?: http://github.com/giraffesoft/trample
* feature: Learn from José's helpers? http://pastie.org/557958
* feature: Rake-task for updating jQuery-libraries, etc.... (jucier-rails?)
* feature: Add Formtastic-I18n-ish method for more general purposes (terms_of_service, etc.)
* fork/patch: http://github.com/rpheath/google_ajax_libraries_api/
* feature: Implement subdomain handling for accounts, i.e. Account.find_by_subdomain(...):  http://www.robbyonrails.com/articles/2009/01/11/subdomain-accounts-with-ruby-on-rails-explained